[Document] Introduces the Tutorial document in Workflow Deployment (#102)
flink-extended/ai-flow: docs/content/workflow_development/tutorial.md

### Define a Workflow

> Now, let's start to define a workflow described in [Target](#Target) section using the AIFlow SDK.

Reviewer: The link doesn't work. You can put `(target)=` before the heading of target. And you put `[Taget](taget)` here.

https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/guides/cross-referencing-with-sphinx.html#explicit-targets

```

#### Define a Training Job

> In our design, the workflow in AIFlow is a DAG(Directed Acyclic Graph) or to be more specific, it is a [AIGraph](). Each node in the graph is an [AINode](), which contains a processor. Users should write their custom logic in the processor. 

Reviewer: Did we intend to leave the link to `AIGraph` and `AINode` empty for now?

In AIFlow, `Channel` represents the output of AINodes. More vividly, `Channel` is one end of the `DataEdge`. The following picture shows the relation among `AINodes`, `DataEdges` and `Channels`:

![Alt text](../images/tutorial/channels.png)

In the example, AINode N0 has 3 outputs(i.e., 3 channels whose source node is N0). We can make N1 accepts the c0 and c1 channels and N2 accepts c1 and c2 channels. Accordingly, there are 4 DataEdges in all. With such design, we can manipulate the data dependencies more flexibly and reuse the data easier.

Currently, the only puzzle left is how to implement the processors including `DatasetReader()` and `ModelTrainer()`. We will introduce them later in [Implementing custom processor Processors](#implementing-custom-processors) section. Next, let's pay attention to defining the Validation and Prediction jobs.

#### Define a Validation Job and a Prediction Job

> Here we define the left 2 jobs of our workflow. They are pretty similar to what we have done in defining the training job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we define the other two jobs of our workflow. They are pretty similar to what we have done in defining the training job.
```

> 

Reviewer: Link of Implementing custom processor doesn't work.

Implementing custom processor Processors -> Implementing Custom Processors

In above codes, the first `ControlEdge` we defined is that the `validate` job (Note, this job name is defined in the yaml file of workflow configs) will be restarted(the default action) when there is a `MODEL_GENERATED` event of training model received by the scheduler. The second  `ControlEdge` we defined is that the `predict` job will be restarted when there is a `MODEL_VALIDATED` event of training model received by the scheduler. 

> Besides, the well-defined out-of-box API for managing machine learning jobs, AIFlow exposes the extremely expressive API `action_on_events()` to allow users write their own event-based control dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides, the well-defined out-of-box API for managing machine learning jobs, AIFlow exposes the most flexible API `action_on_events()` to allow users to write their own event-based control dependencies.
```

In fact, in our design, `Workflow` defines the execution logic of a set of jobs together with control edges among them. But after definition, the workflow will not be run. Instead, the workflow will be scheduled and triggered by the scheduler(e.g., Airflow scheduler) after calling `start_new_workflow_execution()`. The execution entity of workflow is named as `WorkflowExecution`, which is created by the scheduler. One advantage of this design is that reproducing a workflow can be much easier as we can locate the past workflow execution with all environments conveniently.

## Implement custom Processors

> As we have mentioned, users need to write their own logic in processors for each job. Currently, AIFlow supports `bash`, `python` and `flink` processors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we have mentioned, users need to write their own logic in processors for each job. Currently, AIFlow provides `bash`, `python` and `flink` processors out of box.
```

> ## Implement custom Processors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Implement Custom Processors
```
